[Music]
uh
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will explain a comedy thriller genre
film about marla grayson a con
artist who likes to steal the wealth of
the elderly after acting for a long time
marla finds a grandmother named jennifer
peterson an easy target
but unfortunately jennifer was not an
ordinary old grandmother
marla began to experience terror after
terror will she be able to get out of
the trap of death that keeps stalking
her
let's follow the storyline i care a lot
in netflix original film
the film i care a lot begins in a
nursing home where the elderly live
and are cared for by patient nurses the
place looked as pleasant as heaven
but the scene quickly shifts when a man
named feldstorm arrives and starts to
force his way in to meet his mother
instead of being well received
fieldstone was expelled and not allowed
to meet his own biological mother
a commotion ensued between feldstrom and
the nursing home staff until finally
feldstrom was repulsed in court
feldstrom couldn't take it anymore
and told her that marla grayson had
forced her mother to stay in a nursing
home when she clearly refused
apart from that marlo also sold her
house car and all her mother's
possessions with the excuse of paying
for her stay in the nursing home
in fact feldstrom was forbidden to meet
his own mother meanwhile
marla's reputation was well known in
court she is even considered an angel
who cares for the elderly
marlow also dodged that many elderly
people were abandoned by their own
children
they are often even left to starve to
death that's why she came and saved
feldstrom's mother
on the other hand she said that the
reason for selling his mother's house
and all of the property was to pay
for all of his mother's needs while in a
nursing home the painful thing is that
the judge believes that everything marla
has done
is right and still gives custody of
feldstrom's mother to marla
outside the court feldstrom was furious
and threatened that one day marla would
definitely be killed
but marla didn't care of all and
immediately sped away with her lover
fran back in her office marla has many
employees and it's clear she runs a
profitable business
she has a list of all the elderly who
have become victims that's when marla
got a call from james who is the head of
the nursing home
james said that one of the elderly named
allen had just died whereas marlon
intended to drain the poor man's fortune
for at least a few more years
now marla knew she had to find a
replacement for allen marla and fran
then go to the hospital to meet their
friend
karen a doctor by profession karen is
the source
that provides the elderly with
information if they need care in a
nursing home
at that time karen said that she had one
very suitable target
and would definitely benefit marla but
this time because of asking for more
bonuses
she even wanted shares if marla were to
get this next target
karen provides data on a patient named
jennifer peterson
a grandmother who has symptoms of senile
dementia and does not have a husband and
children or family
a grandmother living alone who wouldn't
give marla a hard time like feldstrom
did
fran then researched jennifer and found
out that the old woman was clearly
living alone
and retired with a lot of money she even
owns a house in a private car
marla decides that her next target is
jennifer peterson
the story continues into the trial where
karen asks if jennifer is old
and unable to take care of herself so
karen recommends jennifer be taken to a
nursing home
amazingly without thinking twice the
court judge immediately granted the
request
one morning jennifer was at home
enjoying a cup of tea
without her knowing that her life will
not be the same again shortly
marla came in and started explaining
that the court had asked her to take
care of jennifer because
she wouldn't be able to take care of
herself even though jennifer is very
sure
if she is fine and can still take care
of herself
because she was old and didn't
understand everything marla said
jennifer finally agreed to go with her a
big wrong decision
jennifer immediately packed up and was
taken by fran to a nursing home
but before jennifer could go any further
marla asked for her house keys with the
excuse that she would take care of them
jennifer arrived at the nursing home and
was greeted by james
they're the nurses greeted with smiles
as if welcoming a new lump of gold into
their home
arriving at the room marla assured the
jennifer would be fine
and just enjoy her time in the nursing
home marla asked for jennifer's cell
phone
and she quickly took it now the poor old
granny is caught up in marla's dirty
game
marla and fran act quickly and start
robbing jennifer's house
they immediately vacated her house took
her valuables and sold them
the antiques in the house were auctioned
off meanwhile
back at the nursing home jennifer was
completely dazed by what was going on
she is not allowed to leave the
orphanage even she can't get her cell
phone back
even when she rebelled the doctors would
inject her with various drugs and
silence her
behind a drawer marla found a key the
key that will lead her to even greater
treasures
so with the key she found marla came to
the bank and started opening jennifer's
safe
what she found was astonishing marla
finds a lot of money and jewelry
but in a book she actually found an
envelope containing diamonds
a massive pile of diamonds obviously
jennifer really is the perfect target
that made her rich
meanwhile at jennifer's house which is
being painted for resale the yellow taxi
approaches
a man named alexi came and looked
astonished by what had happened to the
house
but when asked by fran alexi immediately
left
on the other side of town a dwarf man
named roman lunav bought some cakes and
macarons
it seems that the man is an important
person because he has a private driver
with a luxury car
it turns out that roman actually went to
a parking lot and waited for alexi who
was supposed to come with jennifer but
at that time
alexi came alone roman seems very angry
because he can't meet jennifer
alexie was confused because jennifer's
house was suddenly sold and all the
furniture in her house was gone
that's when we are surprised if it turns
out that jennifer is not an old woman
who lives alone
so while pointing his gun roman asks
alexi to bring his mother to him
as soon as possible the next day alexi
returns to see roman
and tells him that his mother was
somehow appointed by the court to live
in a nursing home
roman is furious of all this and knows
that his lawyer dean
must do something to get his mother out
dean roman's lawyer then came to see
marlon and ask jennifer to be released
but it seems marla is not easy to beat
she insisted that she would not let
jennifer go for any reason
even though dean has repeatedly warned
the jennifer is not an ordinary person
and the person assigned him has is
powerful and can threaten marla's life
even when dean offers so much cash that
it fills a suitcase
marla insists she will keep jennifer
marla then meets with jennifer
and asks if she knows dean but jennifer
insisted she didn't want to tell marla
who had come looking for her
this clearly made marla furious she then
meets with james
and asks james to make jennifer's life
miserable in a nursing home
she asked james to reduce her pain
medication feeding her bad food and
forcing jennifer to work out harder
not even entertainment anymore for
jennifer marla wanted jennifer to
apologize for bothering her
roman then comes to the bank and finds
that all of his mother's diamonds have
been robbed
and that only made him angrier dean then
brought this matter to court and tried
to explain
if jennifer was forcibly kidnapped by
marla but dean can say who appointed him
as a lawyer
because he has to protect roman's
identity dean also couldn't show any
evidence that he knew jennifer
this makes dean lose in court and
jennifer remains under the auspices of
marla
unable to take his mother by the court
roman finally asked alexi and his two
bodyguards to come to the nursing home
and forcibly pick up jennifer
alexie admitted that he was interested
in nursing homes and wanted to take a
look
but because he couldn't find jennifer he
finally electrocuted james body until he
passed out
he and his two bodyguards immediately
tried to find jennifer's whereabouts
finally alexi took jennifer out of the
nursing home while threatening people
with his carrying gun
unfortunately just about to step out of
the main door alexi was knocked back by
marla who was already on guard
and jennifer was brought back into the
nursing home meanwhile
roman who was waiting in the car
couldn't do anything because he couldn't
be seen in public
after being interrogated by the police
it was finally revealed that alexi was a
member of a russian drug dealer under
the auspices of roman lunaf
obviously they are a very dangerous
organization
sure enough an angry roman immediately
sent people to the hospital
where karen was practicing and killed
her this is an early warning for marla
to free his mother from the nursing home
marla and fran know that if their lives
are now in danger they intend to run
away
but before leaving it seems that marla
still has an idea to hurt jennifer
she then met jennifer and tried to make
her angry until finally
jennifer lost control and strangled
marla the cctv footage evidence is
strong evidence for marla to throw
jennifer into a mental hospital
this time it would be more difficult for
jennifer to get out of marla's trap
marla and fran start to move and decide
to immediately go abroad with all the
money and diamonds they stole
but it turns out that roman acted faster
than she imagined
while on her way to her car marla is
shot by an anesthetic injection
and she is easily kidnapped by roman's
henchmen
fran who was in her own house at that
time did not escape death
she must be the next victim marla was
then taken to meet roman who seemed
quite impressed to see marla
marla is indeed a tough person and she
is not afraid even though roman has
threatened her many times
roman even threatens to kill marla's
mother and marley easily replies
that she doesn't care about her mother
even though she was threatened with
death
marla didn't show any fear at all marla
asks for 10 million dollars
if roman wants his mother released but
roman doesn't seem to mind
with one instruction marla was
immediately executed
marla who was sedated was then put into
a car she was given liquor
she was then made as if she had an
accident because she was drunk
marla's car sped up and pierced through
the forest and into a lake
amazingly marla is a tough woman she
came to her senses just as the car hit
the surface of the water
with all her might she was able to get
out of the vehicle dripping wet
marla arrived at a roadside grocery
store and bought some clothes and food
she did not forget to write down the
license plate number of the russian drug
lord's car in her hand
she was sure that the number would lead
her to her revenge in the future
full of worry marla finally arrived back
to her apartment
true to her suspicions fran was found
lying helplessly on the floor
she also managed to get fran out in time
before her apartment exploded
now marla and fran are safe but marla is
not someone who is not ambitious
she knew she had to do something to get
a revenge marla still has the stolen
diamond
marla and friend then tracked down the
car's license plate which led them to a
house
marla settles and manages to get into
the garage where the vehicle is lodged
but apparently roman did not live there
it is the chauffeur's private house
now marlon and fran have managed to
track down romans whereabouts
disguised marla manages to get into the
parking lot and sabotages his car
roman who got into the car did not
expect that marla was waiting for him
with one injection marla managed to
kidnap roman who was now fast asleep
marla and fran took roman into a
deserted forest and silenced him
they also put many fluids into his body
before stripping him
the two of them left roman alone
helpless marla and fran then set roman's
car
on fire to eliminate his tracks one
morning a man was jogging
and found a body lying in the middle of
the forest an ambulance was called and
roman was taken
roman begins to regain consciousness in
a hospital helpless
meanwhile marla was waiting for him
there roman couldn't do anything at all
marla said that if roman was diagnosed
with an overdose
and because he was alone the government
would appoint marla as his guardian
now like it or not roman is under her
auspices and marla can blackmail roman
whenever she wants
this time marla proves that even though
she is a woman she is no less than the
most terrible drug lord at once
marlo and roman then talk one afternoon
and marla still wants her original offer
of 10 million dollars to free roman
her mother and return the diamond but
now roman saw something different in
marla
instead he offered to cooperate roman
wants to get marla to be a partner in
their dirty
business and now marla not only manages
a nursing home but under roman's power
marla can control almost all businesses
in the world and both can be rich
marla took jennifer out of the mental
hospital and shared the diamond
marla later became the most successful
woman in the world her business is
rampant in various countries and she
often appears on tv to share her success
stories
now nothing can match the success of a
marla grayson but is that the end of
this story
unfortunately not that easy as she came
out of her office with fran
feldstrom came back and took her life
with one shot to the chest
just like feldstrom had said before if
he swore one day marla would be killed
now the super ambitious con woman has
died in the midst of her glory
subscribe for more storyline videos
let's unpack
it together
[Music]
you